rename makefile and add 'install' target (#223)
datastax/terraform-provider-astra: README.md

### Astra

Before using this provider, you will need an existing or new [Astra](https://astra.datastax.com/) account.
You will also need an Astra token which is used for authentication.  You can generate a new token using

> the `Settings` tab on the [Astra Dashboard](https://astra.datastax.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [`Token Management` section](https://docs.datastax.com/en/astra-serverless/docs/getting-started/gs-grant-user-access.html#_generate_an_application_token) on the [Astra Dashboard](https://astra.datastax.com).
```
